welcome to Global day of code Retreat
I'm Corey Haynes thanks so much for
participating today it's an amazing
event we have over 90 locations around
the world over 2,000 developers all
spending the day practicing the
fundamentals of software development
thanks so much to the organizers and the
facilitators who have put in a lot of
effort to make this day possible and to
thank our
sponsors and spend the day having a
great time meeting your people remember
that the first great question to ask
when you pair is what's your
name have a wonderful time I'm super
excited this is just a fantastic day
can't believe it's happening I'm in
Sydney right now and I will see you all
on the other side of the International
Date Line in Honolulu Hawaii to cap it
all off have a wonderful
day thanks